what's up everybody death meal here and
today I'm going to show you how to get
unlimited money in GTA 5
this is a secret package and character
switch exploit what you do is set up
your characters at these locations it
doesn't matter which character you're
using but in the video I'm using
Franklin and Michael ok now that I got
my character set ups went to the bottom
of the ocean and grab the secret package
okay now that we grabbed a secret
package make sure your character is
located on top of where the package used
to be now hit down on the d-pad and
switch to Michael okay now that we
switch to Michael we have to swim down
and grab the secret package for his
character also switching characters will
replenish your oxygen so you won't have
to worry about the rounding now that we
grabbed a secret package with Michael I
line him up where the package used to be
and switch back to Franklin on the side
now while you're doing this exploit do
not quick save at all or your character
will wind up back at his house as you
can see when we switch back to Franklin
he instantly picks up the money now just
return to Michael and repeat this
process until you're satisfied with the
money you have alright guys if you found
this video helpful click that like
button and remember to subscribe for
more GTA 5 videos I'll see you guys next
time
you